Add aggregator information to docs/index.md file (#79)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-digitalocean: docs/index.md

### Example Configurations

Connect to a single account:

```hcl
connection "digitalocean_my_account" {
  plugin = "digitalocean"
  token  = "1646968370949-df954218b5da5b8614c85cc454136b27"
}
```

## Multi-Account Connections

You may create multiple digitalocean connections:

```hcl
connection "do_dev" {
  plugin    = "digitalocean"
  token     = "1646968370949-df954218b5da5b8614c85cc4541abcde"
}

connection "do_qa" {
  plugin    = "digitalocean"
  token     = "1646968370949-df954218b5da5b8614c85cc4541fghij"
}

connection "do_prod" {
  plugin    = "digitalocean"
  token     = "1646968370949-df954218b5da5b8614c85cc4541klmno"
}
```

Each connection is implemented as a distinct [Postgres schema](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html). As such, you can use qualified table names to query a specific connection:

```sql
select * from do_qa.digitalocean_project
```

> You can multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.
```

```hcl
connection "do_all" {
  plugin      = "digitalocean"
  type        = "aggregator"
  connections = ["do_dev", "do_qa", "do_prod"]
}
```

Querying tables from this connection will return results from the `do_dev`, `do_qa`, and `do_prod` connections:

```sql
select * from do_all.digitalocean_project
```

> Alternatively, can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphbetically, so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `do_all` comes before `do_dev`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphabetically, so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `do_all` comes before `do_dev`):
```
